feat(core): Add includeFeedback Metro option to exclude feedback widget from bundle (#6025)
getsentry/sentry-react-native: CHANGELOG.md

### Features

- Warn Expo users at Metro startup when prebuilt native projects are missing Sentry configuration ([#5984](https://github.com/getsentry/sentry-react-native/pull/5984))

> - Add `includeFeedback` Metro config option to exclude `@sentry-internal/feedback` from the bundle ([#5629](https://github.com/getsentry/sentry-react-native/issues/5629))

Author: ```suggestion
- Add `includeFeedback` Metro config option to exclude `@sentry-internal/feedback` from the bundle ([#6025](https://github.com/getsentry/sentry-react-native/pull/6025))
```

- Expose scope-level attributes API (`setAttribute`, `setAttributes`, `removeAttribute`) bridging to native SDKs ([#6009](https://github.com/getsentry/sentry-react-native/pull/6009))
- Expose screenshot masking options (`screenshot.maskAllText`, `screenshot.maskAllImages`, `screenshot.maskedViewClasses`, `screenshot.unmaskedViewClasses`) for error screenshots ([#6007](https://github.com/getsentry/sentry-react-native/pull/6007))
- Warn Expo users at Metro startup when prebuilt native projects are missing Sentry configuration ([#5984](https://github.com/getsentry/sentry-react-native/pull/5984))

> - Add `includeFeedback` Metro config option to exclude `@sentry-internal/feedback` from the bundle ([#6025](https://github.com/getsentry/sentry-react-native/pull/6025))

Reviewer: since a release was done on main branch, this changelog may be out of sync

Author: Updated with 395d462ad83d16a8e413cc298d9d8e47d065a6a8
